Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we will be creating our pre processing function in the DNA flow transform.
The goal is to create an automatic data set pre processing pipeline to help that process.
We can create an datasets pre processing function that takes a single input.
In our case that's a dictionary.
But each value will be pre processed in some way.
Let's start by defining the function called pre processing.
We can add underscore our fan to the name to mention it's a function for arguments just specify inputs
our inputs argument as we said is going to take a single line from our list of dictionaries that we
created to ity of the go since we have our dictionary we need to separate each value to a different
variable.
For example let's write and or two is equal to inputs of an up to and now we created a variable for
and to value.
We are going to repeat this process for each variable in our inputs because we are going to perform
different pre processing steps on each variable.
For example we could kill all variables from 0 to 1 but we can scale and 2 from 0 to 1 and we can do
something else to suit for example and so on.
Then we are going to do the same thing 4 p.m. 10 so 2 and suit.
Now we have separated every feature from our inputs to a separate variable will pre process every one
of them differently so that you can get a sense of the whole pre processing function thing.
And then we are going to return the data in the dictionary format as well but each value will be pre
processed 1 A Quick side note here these operations that we are going to perform in this with you are
randomly chosen for just for demonstration purposes.
Since we don't have any model to train after this we are going to pre process every column differently
so that you can see how it tends to flow transform can be used in your product.
Let us define a new variable called as to normalized and here we are going to normalize or scale and
to feature in some way for this one we are going to scale it in a way that we are going to subtract
the mean from an R to a column from this value.
That would be simple just use DFT dot me function to calculate the mean and provide a variable called
and or to and subtract that value from end to we're going to perform this step for or two as well.
So right as to a normalized is equal to ESA to minus DFT that mean of s to it now we normalized n to
feature an s or two but we are still left with the intent and suits to be normalized 4 p.m. 10.
We are going to name it normalized as well and for scaling we are going to scale it to the range from
0 to 1 and there is a very helpful function called scale to 0 1 and provide a variable to it.
In this case B M that.
Lastly we have to normalize sort of variable and for suit we are going to scale it in a different way.
This time we are going to use Min Max Keller which can be found in s killer as well.
But in this case we have it in terms of flow transform which is very cool stuff.
Now we have all of our variables normalized and ready to be exported and used in some model.
We are going to return a Python dictionary.
But first we need to create one.
So each key in this dictionary that we are going to return can be named whatever you like but in this
case I'm just going to name it the same way that we named our variables.
So enter to normalized is a key and the value is the value of that feature.
Just copy and paste these free more times and rename the starting position for our different.
Now we have our dictionary that contains all the skilled features and it's time to return it so we can
execute the cell in our function is defined.
Here is the whole pre processing function.
It's very simple.
It can get really complicated really fast.
It really depends on the stuff that you want to do with your data.
In the next video we will talk about Apache beam but just about high level of it and how everything
connects together.
From this point on if you have any questions or comments so far please post them in the comments section
otherwise I'll see you in the next tutorial.